Watch subset of namespaces for secrets (#3170)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/installation/installation-with-helm.md

|``controller.ingressClass`` | A class of the Ingress Controller. An IngressClass resource with the name equal to the class must be deployed. Otherwise, the Ingress Controller will fail to start. The Ingress Controller only processes resources that belong to its class - i.e. have the "ingressClassName" field resource equal to the class. The Ingress Controller processes all the VirtualServer/VirtualServerRoute/TransportServer resources that do not have the "ingressClassName" field for all versions of kubernetes. | nginx |
|``controller.setAsDefaultIngress`` | New Ingresses without an ingressClassName field specified will be assigned the class specified in `controller.ingressClass`. | false |
|``controller.watchNamespace`` | Comma separated list of namespaces the Ingress Controller should watch for resources. By default the Ingress Controller watches all namespaces. Please note that if configuring multiple namespaces using the Helm cli `--set` option, the string needs to wrapped in double quotes and the commas escaped using a backslash - e.g. ``--set controller.watchNamespace="default\,nginx-ingress"``. | "" |

> |``controller.watchSecretNamespace`` | Comma separated list of namespaces the Ingress Controller should watch for resources of type Secret. By default the Ingress Controller watches all namespaces. Please note that if configuring multiple namespaces using the Helm cli `--set` option, the string needs to wrapped in double quotes and the commas escaped using a backslash - e.g. ``--set controller.watchSecretNamespace="default\,nginx-ingress"``. | "" |

Reviewer: Ditto.
```suggestion
|``controller.watchSecretNamespace`` | Comma separated list of namespaces the Ingress Controller should watch for resources of type Secret. If this arg is not configured, the Ingress Controller watches the same namespaces for all resources. See `watch-namespace`. Please note that if configuring multiple namespaces using the Helm cli `--set` option, the string needs to wrapped in double quotes and the commas escaped using a backslash - e.g. ``--set controller.watchSecretNamespace="default\,nginx-ingress"``. | "" |
```
